Smart Media Product Membership Privacy Policy

This privacy policy applies only to the services and relevant websites, as part of Smart Media Product (“Smart Media Product” and/or “Product”) Account, controlled by LG Electronics Inc. ("LGE") where this privacy policy is posted (collectively, the "Sites"). This privacy policy does not pertain to information that is collected offline or to information that is posted on the Sites by third parties. Please read it carefully before using the Sites.

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, the term “Smart Media Product” is meant to apply to LGE’s Smart TV and other product service, including app store portal called either “LG Content Store” or “Apps” (whether offered via your television, PC or other device) that hosts and distributes applications to end-users. “LG Account” means membership service to help Smart Media Product users to experience user-friendly and customized service (hereinafter, “LG Content Store”, “Apps”, and “LG Account” are collectively “Apps”). Please be aware that the Smart Media Product service contains elements, hardware, devices and other functionality, which may be owned or controlled by third parties and not LGE. These products may be governed by separate privacy policies or practices. This policy does not cover the practices of these third parties and only applies to products, services, devices and other technologies provided, manufactured or developed by LGE for you, as a user of the Sites.

LGE is committed to protecting the information of those individuals who use the Sites. This Privacy Policy sets out how we collect, use, and share information that we obtain as a result of your use of the Sites and, in particular, sets out:

- What information LGE may obtain from you, your device as a result of your use of the Sites;

- How LGE uses the information that it obtains;

- When LGE shares information with others; and

- How you may control LGE's use and sharing of your information.

A. Information Collected

This privacy policy applies only to information collected on and in relation to the Sites and does not apply to information collected by LGE through any other means.

"Personally Identifiable Information" is information that identifies you personally (whether directly or when combined with other information), such as your name, address, telephone number, email address, date of birth or age, country or location, gender, interests or company name. LGE collects and stores the Personally Identifiable Information that you have provided to us. Here are some examples of manners in which we may collect your Personally Identifiable Information via the Sites:

• We may collect your first and last name and product or service details if you contact us with a question related to our products or services;

• We may collect your first and last name, mailing address and billing information if you purchase a product or service on the Sites as part of our record keeping;

• We may collect your first and last name and mailing address in an effort to track your usage of our products and services so that we can deliver products and services to you that meet your needs;

• We may collect your name, email address or phone number if you contact us with a question; and/or

• We may collect your first and last name, date of birth and email address if you choose to participate in a contest or sweepstakes.

• We may collect information regarding your use of the Smart Media Product if you log-in to Product Account and relevant user agreements were consented. For example, if you agree to the Voice Information Agreement, your voice information will be collected and associated with your Smart Media Product Account membership information. You can find more information on the relevant user agreements.

We may use and combine information collected under this Agreement with information collected and associated with your use of other LG services, such as LG SmartHome services including but not limited to our ThinQ App, SmartWorld App and SmartWorld Website. For more information, please refer to the LGE Service Privacy Policy from App settings menu in the ThinQ App or LG Account menu in the SmartWorld App or SmartWorld.

Please note that such agreements can be agreed or withdrawn by other members of your household so you need to check and customize the scope of collectable data via Smart Media Product Settings menu when you log-in. The type of information LGE collects is categorized as below:

i. Device Information. This refers to information collected about your LG Smart Media Product and certain related devices, such as your set-top box, remote control, and DVD or Blu-ray player. Device Information may include information to authenticate your LG Smart Media Product with our servers, the country code and zip code or postcode of the region where your LG Smart Media Product is being set up, your IP Address, device type (e.g., set-top box, DVD player, etc.), MAC address (or in some circumstances, a truncated MAC address), software platform version, language, set-top box manufacturer, screen resolution, and model number.

ii. Viewing Information. This refers to information about your interactions with program content, including live TV content, cable, satellite or set-top box content, streaming content, movies, and video on demand, and music of such content. Viewing Information may include the name of the channel or program watched, requests to view content, details of actions taken while viewing (e.g., play, stop, pause, etc.), the duration that content was watched, and input method (e.g., RF, Component, HDMI, Network).

iii. Basic Usage Information. This refers to information which records your interactions within the LG Smart Media Product, such as the menu items you click on, the apps you access (but not your activity within apps), what channels are available to you, and information regarding external devices connected to the Smart Media Product.

iv. Voice Information. This refers to voice commands and associated data (such as information about the input device that records your voice) used to recognize and act upon the command, OS information, Media Product model information, content provider, channel information and service results.

v. Other information you share with us. In addition to Device Information and Basic Usage Information, you may choose to share further information with us through your LG Smart Media Product. Such information may include your name and basic contact details, or preferences (such as your favorite sports and/or teams).

• Internet Protocol (IP) address - Your IP address is a number that lets computers attached to the Internet know where to send you data - such as the webpages you view.

• Product Information – we may collect registration information or other details about your product or service, or how you may be using our products or services. Unless this information can be linked to your name or address, it is not personally identifiable.

We will take reasonable steps to make sure that we keep your personal information for no longer than is necessary for us to provide you with Smart Media Product services or for the purpose for which it was collected, or as required by applicable law.

Certain information collected in connection with your LG Account may not be deleted until you withdraw your consent to this Privacy Policy. Please note that, for certain Smart Media Product models that provide additional Smart Media Product services based on membership account, even if you withdraw certain user agreements of your Smart Media Product (i.e. Privacy Policy, Voice Information Agreement, Viewing Information Agreement), previously collected information based on the agreement, associated with your LG Account, will not be deleted unless (i) such data is no longer necessary to provide you Apps service, (ii) you withdraw your consent to this Privacy Policy or (iii) you contact and ask us to delete your personal information.

B. Use of Information Collected Via the Sites

We use your Personally Identifiable Information that is collected via and in relation to these Sites primarily for the following purposes:

• To deliver services, such as applications via the Apps

• To analyze, review and improve the products and services we offer;

• To provide you with a user-friendly navigation experience;

• To provide you with interest-based and tailored recommendations of apps, services and other content

• To combine the personal information we collect from you in connection with other Product services you may use for the purposes set out in this policy or as described in the privacy policy applicable to the services you use.

• In accordance with your marketing preferences, to alert you to special offers, updated information and other new products or services from LGE, or other third parties, or to forward promotional materials to you;

• To complete a transaction or service requested by you;

• To fulfill the terms of a promotion;

• To ensure the Sites are relevant to your needs;

• To help us create and publish content most relevant to you;

• To notify you about a material change to this privacy policy or the Terms of Use Agreement, if necessary;

• To allow you access to limited-entry areas of the Sites; and

• To contact you in response to sign up forms such as Contact Us or other inquiry.

The legal basis on which LGE will rely on to process your personal information will typically be one of the following;

• Contract: where it is necessary to perform a contract with you;

• Legitimate interests: where it is necessary for the purposes of LGE or a third party’s legitimate business interests. For LGE, this will include its interests as a global consumer electronics products manufacturer and service provider in improving our products and services, better understanding our customers and safeguarding our interests. LGE may also use your personal information in order to prevent, detect and investigate illegal activities, such as breaching our Terms of Use and fraud;

• Consent: where you have chosen to provide it. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time; or

• Legal obligation: where the processing is necessary for compliance with our legal obligations.

The information provided in the various subsections below indicates which of the above legal bases is being relied on in relation to a different categories of personal information.

C. Sharing and Disclosure of Information

We may share or disclose your Personally Identifiable Information in the following instances:

i. To fulfill a service to you. For example, if you download an application at the Apps, we may share your Personally Identifiable Information with the application provider in order to provide the application to you. In addition, if you email us a question, we may use your email address to process your request and respond to your question. In addition, if you purchase a product via the Sites, we may need to share your data with third parties in order to have that product delivered to you and installed as you requested. Also, if you are entering a sweepstakes or contest, we may use your Personally Identifiable Information in order to fulfill the terms of that promotion.

ii. To our subsidiaries and affiliates in order to better serve you. LGE may have to share your data with these parties in order to provide you with services that have been requested by you, or so that we can ensure our services and products are meeting your needs. For more information about international data transfers see section E below.

iii. In accordance with your marketing preferences, to strategic partners, agents, third party marketers or information providers, or other unaffiliated parties, who are offering products or services that we believe may be of interest to you or who are otherwise conducting marketing research and analysis. These parties may use your Personally Identifiable Information to contact you with an offer or advertisement related to a product or service.

iv. To unaffiliated third-party service providers, agents or independent contractors who help us maintain our Sites and provide other administrative services to us (including, but not limited to, order processing and fulfillment, providing customer service, maintaining and analysing data, sending customer communications on LGE's behalf, and entry collection, winner selection and prize fulfillment for contests, sweepstakes and other promotions). We seek to ensure that these unaffiliated third parties will not use the Personally Identifiable Information for any other purpose than to provide the administrative services for which they are responsible. Because such unaffiliated third-party service providers that help us administer our Sites will have access to users' Personally Identifiable Information, if you do not wish for our unaffiliated third-party service providers to have access to your information, please do not register or submit any Personally Identifiable Information to us.

v. To comply with the law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary in order to conform to the requirements of law or comply with legal process served on us, protect and defend our rights or property, including the rights and property of LGE or act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of our end users.

vi. To third parties as part of any corporate reorganisation process including, but not limited to, mergers, acquisitions, and sales of all or substantially all of our assets.

vii. To track and analyse non-identifying and aggregate usage and volume statistical information from our visitors and customers and provide such Personally identifying Information to third parties.

viii. To protect against potential fraud, we may verify with third parties the information collected from these Sites. In the course of such verification, we may receive Personally Identifiable Information about you from such services. In particular, if you use a credit card or debit card to purchase services with us, we may use card authorisation and fraud screening services to verify that your card information and address matches the information that you supplied to us, and that the card has not been reported as lost or stolen.

Except as described in this Privacy Policy or at the time we request the information, we do not otherwise use, share or otherwise disclose your Personally Identifiable information to any third parties.

D. Protecting the Privacy of Children

LGE does not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Information from anyone under the age of 16 or knowingly allow such persons to use the Sites. If you are under 16 years old, please do not attempt to register on the Sites or send us any Personal Information.

E. International Transfer of Information

If you choose to provide us with Personally Identifiable Information, LGE may transfer that information to its affiliates and subsidiaries or to other third parties, across borders, and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. Please note that you are transferring your Personally Identifiable Information to the Republic of Korea by providing your Personally Identifiable Information you consent to:

• the use of your Personally Identifiable Information for the uses identified above in accordance with this privacy policy; and

• the transfer of your Personally Identifiable Information to the Republic of Korea as indicated above.

The data protection laws in many of these countries may not offer the same level of protection as those in the country where you are located. However, before transferring your Personally Identifiable Information we will take steps to ensure that such information will be afforded the same level of protection.

F. Opt-Out

From time to time, we communicate with users who subscribe to our services via email or text message. For example, we may use your email address to confirm your request, to send you information about changes to our products and services, and to send notices and other disclosures as required by law. Generally, users cannot opt-out of these service communications, but they will be informational in nature rather than promotional.

However, we provide you the opportunity to exercise an opt-out choice if you do not want to receive other types of communication from us, such as emails or updates from us regarding new services and products offered on the Sites or if you do not want us to share your personally identifiable information with third parties. The opt-out choice may be exercised through check box or optional user agreement depeding on your Smart Media Product model and platform. We will process your unsubscribe as soon as possible, but please be aware that in some circumstances you may receive a few more messages until the unsubscribe is processed. You also may opt-out of receiving such emails by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link within the text of the email.

G. Forums, Chat Rooms and Other Public Posting Areas

Please note that any information you include in a message you post to any product review board, chat room, forum or other public posting area is available to anyone with Internet access. If you don't want people to know your e-mail address, for example, don't include it in any message you post publicly.

H. Third Party Web Sites

This statement applies solely to information collected on the Sites. The Sites may contain links to other web sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these other web sites.

I. Assignment

In the event that all or part of our assets are sold or acquired by another party, or in the event of a merger, you grant us the right to assign the Personally Identifiable collected via the Sites.

J. Changes to this Privacy Policy

We reserve the right to change this privacy policy from time to time. When we do, we will also revise the "last update" date at the bottom of this privacy policy. For changes to this privacy policy that may be materially less on our use or disclosure of personal information you have provided to us, we will attempt to obtain your consent before implementing the change by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account or by placing a prominent notice on the Sites.

K. Security

No data transmissions over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Consequently, we cannot ensure or promise the security of any information you transmit to us and you understand that any information that you transfer to LGE is done at your own risk.

Once we receive your transmission, we seek to ensure security on our systems. We use firewalls to protect your information from unauthorised access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. However, please note that this can not be a guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed by breach of such firewalls and secure server software.

If we learn of a security systems breach we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. By using these Sites or providing personally identifiable information to us that we can communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy and administrative issues relating to your use of these Sites. We may post a notice on our Sites if a security breach occurs. We may also send an email to you at the email address you have provided to us in these circumstances. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing.

L. Control of Personal Information

You have the right to request we delete, access, update, and correct inaccuracies in your personal information in our custody and control, and to receive a machine readable copy of your personal information, subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law. You also have the right to object to the manner in which we use your personal information (including for direct marketing purposes) and to withdraw any consent you have granted us. You may exercise these rights any time by emailing or writing to us at the contact information set out above. We may request certain personal information for the purposes of verifying the identity of the individual seeking access to their personal information records.

M. Contacting LGE

If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or LGE’s processing of your personal information, please contact our Data Protection Officer at [tv.privacy@lge.com]. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a data protection authority although we would encourage you to first contact us directly to resolve any concerns.


Last Updated On: 31 Mar 2022